---
title: "officers"
bg: orange
color: black
fa-icon: toggle-on
---

## Leadership

**2018**:
- Rebecca Benson (`President`), Elizabeth Winter (`Vice President`), Alisa Pappas (`Secretary`), Melody Edwards (`Treasurer`), Brian Flanagin (`Communication Chair`), & Hali Allen + Jennifer Walker (`Programming Co-Chairs`). [Prof. Sarah Buchanan](http://faculty.missouri.edu/buchanans/) is Faculty Advisor.
- Annual Report, [May 31, 2019](https://saamusc.github.io/img/SAA_Missouri_2018.pdf).

**2017**:
- Jennifer Walker (`President`), Alora Bauer (`Vice President`), Erin Niederberger (`Secretary`), Brian Flanagin + Dylan Martin (`Treasurer`), Katie Wibbenmeyer (`LISGSA Liaison`), & Dylan Martin (`Communication Chair`). [Prof. Sarah Buchanan](http://faculty.missouri.edu/buchanans/) is Faculty Advisor.
- Annual Report, [May 31, 2018](https://saamusc.github.io/img/SAA_Missouri_2017.pdf).
- Annual Report, [May 31, 2017](https://saamusc.github.io/img/SAA_Missouri_2016_2017.pdf).

**Below is our `Constitution`**

-------------------------

Spring 2017 saw us taking sequential steps to establish our new student chapter on campus and in the [LIS Program](http://sislt.missouri.edu/lis/). To facilitate communication we maintain a:
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/SAAMUSC) profile (est. 12/5/16)
- [listserv](https://po.missouri.edu/cgi-bin/wa?A0=SAAMUSC-L) (est. 1/31/17)
- [MU ORG](https://orgsync.com/158099/chapter) profile (est. 4/14/17)
- [email](mailto:SAAMUSC@gmail.com) account (est. 4/14/17)
- [website](https://saamusc.github.io/) (est. 4/11/17)
- [SAA Student Chapter](https://www2.archivists.org/students/chapters/university-of-missouri) profile (est. 5/22/17)
- ...and we're listed in the SAA DAE [Directory of Archival Education](https://www2.archivists.org/dae/university-of-missouri) (2018)

We also drafted and then voted on bylaws, approved on 2/18/17 by the membership:
- [SAAMUSC Constitution, 20170218](/img/SAAMUSC_Constitution.pdf). [SAAMUSC Constitution, 201810](/img/SAAMUSC_Constitution_Rev_10_18.pdf).

In sum, we attended an info session on [1/24](https://orgsync.com/35463/events/1505629/occurrences/3427731) and [4/17](https://orgsync.com/35463/events/1516284/occurrences/3904497), applied for recognition by the MU ORG Office on 2/20 (approved! on 3/23), voted on officers from Mar 6-9, seated our elected, inaugural officers on Mon Mar 13, and submitted our materials to [SAA Council](http://www2.archivists.org/governance/handbook/section13) for consideration at their [May 16-17, 2017](http://www2.archivists.org/groups/saa-council/may-16-17-2017-council-meeting-agenda) meeting (chartered! [on 5/16](https://www2.archivists.org/news/2017/saa-council-approves-fy18-budget-issue-briefs-and-more)).

Thank you for your interest and support!

-------------------------



